Correct the format of Regional Endpoints in the list of Regions (#4554)
temporalio/documentation: docs/cloud/high-availability/failovers.mdx

After failover, be aware of the following points:

- When working with Multi-region Namespaces, your CNAME may change.

>   For example, it may switch from us-west-1.aws.api.temporal.io to us-east-1.aws.api.temporal.io.

Reviewer: it looks like this is not the current behavior though with HA namespaces?

Author: The docs were correct originally aboutHA Namespaces. Uses region.tmprl.cloud and does a CNAME update. Just verified with a failover on my Namespace (before/after)

<img width="851" height="376" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a7f6694a-77f5-4eed-8841-2ad1bd591a99" />

>   For example, it may switch from us-west-1.aws.api.temporal.io to us-east-1.aws.api.temporal.io.

Author: ```suggestion
  For example, it may switch from aws-us-west-1.region.tmprl.cloud to aws-us-east-1.region.tmprl.cloud.
```
